                RAR - What's new in the latest version


   Version 3.20

   1. 'rn' command allows to rename files inside of RAR archives.

   2. 'lb' and 'vb' commands list contents of archive in the bare mode -
      file names without any additional information.

   3. RAR displays the operation percentage when creating recovery
      volumes or reconstructing missing or corrupt volumes.


   Version 3.11

   1. RAR returns the exit code 9 in case of file create errors.

   2. Bugs fixed:

      a) -ag command line switch placed an incorrect value to minutes
         field.


   Version 3.10

   1. New 'i' command allows to search for text string in archives.

   2. Repair command:

      a) "Repair" is able to correct data erasure and insertion
         errors in RAR archives containing the recovery record.
         Earlier it was possible to fix only those errors, when
         an archive size was not changed;

      b) It is allowed to specify wildcards in the archive name
         and repair several archives at once.

   3. Recovery volumes:

      a) RAR attempts to reconstruct both missing and damaged
         volumes. Original copies of damaged volumes are renamed
         to *.bad. Previous version was able to reconstruct only
         missing volumes;

      b) RAR automatically detects corrupt recovery volumes
         and ignores them;

      c) Recovery volumes naming scheme changed from <name>N1_N2_N3.rev
         to less complicated <name>N.rev, where 'N' is the number of
         volume. Old style recovery volumes are also recognized and
         supported.

   4. Compression improved when adding small text files to already
      existing archive using -m5 or -mct+ modes.

   5. New 'N' (archive number) modifier for -ag switch.

      RAR searches for already existing archive with a generated name
      and if it is found, increments the archive number until generating
      a unique name. For example, if you use -agyymmdd-nn several
      times in the same day, every new archive name will include a new
      increasing number.

   6. If rarfiles.lst contains such two masks that all files matched
      by first mask are also matched by second, the first mask will
      have higher priority, even if it is placed after the second.
      For example, in case of *.cpp and f*.cpp masks, f*.cpp has higher
      priority.
